In a city where justice should be a birthright,
Atlanta faces a struggle against systemic
injustice in policing and mass incarceration.
Atlanta DSA stands as a beacon of hope,
dedicated to dismantling oppressive
structures that perpetuate police
brutality and mass incarceration.
Their mission is resolute: to advocate for
transformative changes in law enforcement
policies and to challenge the mass incarceration
system that disproportionately
impacts marginalized communities.
Join Atlanta DSA for their upcoming
events, where they will be hosting
panel discussions featuring activists,
legal experts, and community leaders,
aiming to drive tangible solutions to combat
police violence and incarceration disparities.
Your voice matters. Your actions count.
Together, we can demand accountability,
fairness, and equity within our law
enforcement and justice systems.
Atlanta DSA - Advocating for
Justice, Fighting for Change